Salvador.
Let's give our guest some time
to think about all his options.
I have to go back with him.
I'll take him back...
and he'll tell them you were
also shot on the road and died.
But you're not going.
They will find us here.
Think of mom.
I have to go to
the United States.
I want to go. You know that.
They will find you, Rosa.
They're going to kill
you and make sure of it.
Why do you have to go?
I knew when we brought this guy
this was going to happen.
- You want to go play or what?
- Miguel, stop!
Everything will be okay.
Salvador, come quick!
Fuck.
- It's the Cartel.
- Listen!
Take mom to the room. Quick!
We only want Rosa
and the American!
The rest can go free!
We don't have all day!
Salvador! GO!
Yes, yes. I'm good!
Mom... no.
- You deserve it.
- No sweetheart.
It's yours, take it.
Take it.
You're going to need it.
My princess.
I love you so much mom.
- I love you.
- I love you so much.
Go.
The police a re still
looking for the pair
along Highway 1.
Officials say
Johansen and Barranco
are armed and very dangerous.